today we're going to be making pepperoni
and bacon pizza this is a real meat
lovers Pizza and I'm gonna be doing this
on a stone so it's stone baked just like
you get at your local pizzeria the first
thing that we want to do is grab
ourselves some pepperoni and let's slice
that up
here's a little closer view you can
slice the pizza thinly or thick whatever
way you like and then the next thing
that we need is bacon and what I'm doing
here is I'm just slicing the bacon up
really small so that it's gonna so that
it's gonna fry up much easier in my
frying pan so let's get all that cut up
and we'll get that into the frying pan
all righty the next step is to fry off
our bacon in the frying pan and the
reason why I'm doing this is that I just
want to make sure that the bacon is
thoroughly cooked so let's fry that up
and then we're gonna let it cool earlier
in the day I made a recipe of pizza
dough this is for a thinner crust pizza
and out of that one recipe of dough I
created two dough balls so the first
thing we need to do is roll out our
dough with the rolling pin you can see
that's a really nice dough you can see
the air bubbles the little air pockets
in the Dell now I'm gonna flour my pizza
peel and I'm gonna pop that on there and
what the flour is gonna do is gonna it's
going to let the the whole pizza slide
right off the pizza peel or the pizza
paddle and it'll slide right onto my
baking stone with ease you can either do
this with flour or you can use cornmeal
which a lot of people like but it makes
a little bit more of a mess in your oven
so we got down the sauce our cheese and
now we're putting on the pepperoni and
then I'm gonna get some bacon on there
alright let's just get the rest of that
bacon on and then the pizzas going right
on to the stone the oven is set at 500
degrees and I'm gonna let that pizza go
for exactly seven minutes and here we go
only seven minutes later and the pizza's
ready you can actually see the air
pockets in the pizza showing you how hot
that pizza stone is and here's the
finished product and I'll tell you this
is one delicious pizza so let's cut it
up and give it a little taste test
alright and this is pizza number two and
the same thing again pop it on to the
pizza stone that pizza stone is very
very hot so as soon as the pizza hits
that stone it starts baking right away
and seven minutes later here we have our
second pizza already done and there we
go as I'm zooming in here you can see
the air bubble way in the back it's
starting to deflate that just shows you
how hot the air is inside that pizza and
here we have the beautiful finished
product this is a great pizza bacon and
pepperoni yum yum yum anyway so that's
it for this video so I'll see you next
time
you